[dray] upload survey notification use case guide (#104)
moveworks/developer-docs: authentication-guides/servicenow/README.md

---
name: ServiceNow
description: Connect Creator Studio to ServiceNow using Basic Authentication
time_in_minutes: 15
difficulty_level: Beginner
---

# **Introduction**

> ServiceNow's API provides a powerful way to automate tasks in within the ServiceNow environment, as well as query any of the miriad of tables, both offered by ServiceNow OOTB or custom. This guide will show how to create a ServiceNow service account and authenticate with ServiceNow's APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ServiceNow's API provides a powerful way to automate tasks in the ServiceNow environment, as well as query any of the myriad of tables, both offered by ServiceNow OOTB or custom. This guide will show how to create a ServiceNow service account and authenticate with ServiceNow's APIs.
```
